HOW TO ADD LANGUAGE FILES TO FREEWEBSHOP.ORG
Copyright 2006 Elmar Wenners
----------------------------

Adding language files is easy. The biggest task is translating
the "lang.txt" file, which holds all the sentences used by the 
webshop software.

To add a custom language, first find the corresponding country
flag in the "gfx/flags" folder. If you found the correct flag,
remember it's name.

No go to the "langs" folder and copy the entire "uk" folder.
rename this copied folder to the name your remembered of the flag
you choose. For example "fr", if you are planning to add a france
language file.

In your new "fr" files are several files you will need to translate.
Let me explain what they represent:

conditions.txt - holds the general conditions of the store. Customers
                 have to approve these before placing an order.
                 
guarantee.txt  - holds the guarantee conditions of the store. It
                 explains to customers how your guarantee procedure
                 works.
                 
index.php      - an empty file. Leave it empty. It's just there to
                 prevent folder browsing.                 

lang.txt       - the biggest file. It holds all the texts used by the
                 webshop. Try not to remove any ' or " signs, or values
                 that start with a $, because this will mess up the
                 script.
                 
main.txt       - holds the text that will be displayed on the frontpage
                 of the webshop. You can use it to welcome your visitor
                 or tell something more about your company. HTML code
                 is allowed.
                 
shipping.txt   - holds the shipping conditions. Customers can use this
                 to find out how products are shipped to them.
                 
aboutus.txt    - holds general information about your shop


After you translate all these files, you can upload your new language
folder to the "langs" folder on your FTP. Upload it all in ASCII format
if your FTP program has this option.